[exec] improve logging and documentation (#9282)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.exec/README.md

| run             | Switch    | Send ON to execute the command, the current state tells whether it is running or not |
| lastexecution   | DateTime  | Time/Date the command was last executed, in yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.SSSZ format        |

> **Attention:** Linking `input` to any other item type than `String` will result in errorneous behaviour.

Reviewer: I only have a suggestion about a typo and using US English. :-) 

```suggestion
**Attention:** Linking `input` to any other item type than `String` will result in erroneous behavior.
```
